Add documentation (#12)
EESSI/dev.eessi.io-example: README.md

# `dev.eessi.io` Example Project

> This is an example repository for the setup of the build and ingestion process for EESSI's `dev.eessi.io` CernVM-FS repository. It is primarily intended for the [MultiXscale CoE](https://multixscale.eu) partners working on the development of the project's core applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example repository for the setup of the build and ingestion process for EESSI's `dev.eessi.io` CernVM-FS repository. This project is currently primarily intended for the [MultiXscale CoE](https://multixscale.eu) partners working on the development of the project's core applications.
```

The bot's `app.cfg` file needs to be adjusted to the cluster it is running on. Besides the obvious (app ID that points to the correct GitHub App, private key specific to this bot, etc,), these are:
``` ini
[buildenv]
build_job_script = bot/bot-build-dev.eessi.io.slurm@git@github.com:EESSI/dev.eessi.io-scripts.git
```
(This also requires an additional key pair, see details later!)

``` ini
[deploycfg]
...
bucket_name = { "dev.eessi.io": "dev.eessi.io-2024.09" }
```
If you are deploying the tarballs to an AWS S3 bucket, keep in mind you will need to install the necessary tooling and set it up following the instructions in the bot's [documentation](https://github.com/EESSI/eessi-bot-software-layer?tab=readme-ov-file#step-41-installing-tools-to-access-s3-bucket). You will also need the associated key pair for the bucket in question.

For the currently available architectures in the dev.eessi.io cluster:
``` ini
[repo_targets]
# defines for which repository a arch_target should be build for
repo_target_map = {
    "linux/x86_64/amd/zen2" : ["dev.eessi.io"],
    "linux/x86_64/amd/zen4" : ["dev.eessi.io"],
    "linux/aarch64/neoverse_n1" : ["dev.eessi.io"] }
```

### repos.cfg

> The `repos.cfg` file needs to be configured for `dev.eessi.io`. All that needs to be changed is a section named `[dev.eessi.io]` with `repo_name=dev.eessi.io`. All other settings can remain the same as the production bot.

Reviewer: Maybe point to this url for more info https://github.com/EESSI/eessi-bot-software-layer/blob/develop/README.md#repo_targets-section

Author: Addressed in 082db3f
